[music]
[applause]
we continue the conversation begun
sleeping sex energy videos
dogs and rooting sprout his work
sexual energy is one of the most
strong effective psycho technician since
it is based on the instincts of man
embedded in his nature
meaning of these instincts getting
enjoyment from everything related to
natural need satisfaction
organism and promote survival
individuals and the species as a whole
work of sexual energy in that form
which I will offer you will not create
no negative consequences so
how the exercise is performed in clothes without
normal sexual contact
it eliminates the need
worry moral training
no load
socio-psychological moral
responsibility to a partner before
yourself there is no fear of getting pregnant or
contract venereal diseases
which is also often a brake
traditional sexual relationships these
exercises have pronounced
therapeutic effect with fatigue
stress neurosis and depression as
in addition to the sexual needs at
man there is another need
which most people remain
unmet this need
physical contact with others
human beings this need
comes from the herd instinct when
monkey 100 played embraced caressing
each other
most strongly this need
children have not got a child childhood
I didn't give enough caress from mother
speed can lead to heavy
nervous diseases of depression and even
psychology itself there is a special
the technician is not up to the lapels of the child physically and
caressing contacts
Especially important for people involved
hard physical labor
since because of the constant work of their muscles
body becomes especially sensitive
don't accumulate huge tension
heavy load memories every
knows what pleasure gives
tired masseur arm muscles
and exercises in the field of new in pairs with
muscle challenge orgasmic sensations
relax much stronger and can
affect the muscles of the nervous system
and internal organs are even stronger than
massage reflexology
exercise of sexual energy
gradually completely removed as
sexual dissatisfaction so
dissatisfaction with lack of affection
soothe treat relax with another